<h1>1019. General Palindromic Number (20)</h1>

## 题目

> <div id="problemContent">
> <p>A number that will be the same when it is written forwards or backwards is known as a Palindromic Number.  For example, 1234321 is a palindromic number.  All single digit numbers are palindromic numbers.
> </p>
> <p>Although palindromic numbers are most often considered in the decimal system, the concept of palindromicity can be applied to the natural numbers in any numeral system. Consider a number N &amp;gt 0 in base b &amp;gt= 2, where it is written in standard notation with k+1 digits a<sub>i</sub> as the sum of (a<sub>i</sub>b<sup>i</sup>) for i from 0 to k.  Here, as usual, 0 &amp;lt= a<sub>i</sub> &amp;lt b for all i and a<sub>k</sub> is non-zero. Then N is palindromic if and only if a<sub>i</sub> = a<sub>k-i</sub> for all i. Zero is written 0 in any base and is also palindromic by definition.
> </p>
> <p>Given any non-negative decimal integer N and a base b, you are supposed to tell if N is a palindromic number in base b.
> </p>
> <p><b>
> Input Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>Each input file contains one test case. Each case consists of two non-negative numbers N and b, where 0 &amp;lt= N &amp;lt= 10<sup>9</sup> is the decimal number and 2 &amp;lt= b &amp;lt= 10<sup>9</sup>  is the base.  The numbers are separated by a space.
> </p>
> <p><b>
> Output Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>For each test case, first print in one line "Yes" if N is a palindromic number in base b, or "No" if not.  Then in the next line, print N as the number in base b in the form "a<sub>k</sub> a<sub>k-1</sub> ... a<sub>0</sub>".  Notice that there must be no extra space at the end of output.
> </p>
> <b>Sample Input 1:</b><pre>
> 27 2
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output 1:</b><pre>
> Yes
> 1 1 0 1 1
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Input 2:</b><pre>
> 121 5
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output 2:</b><pre>
> No
> 4 4 1
> </pre>
> </div>

## 思路

