<h1>1022. Digital Library (30)</h1>

## 题目

> <div id="problemContent">
> <p>A Digital Library contains millions of books, stored according to their titles, authors, key words of their abstracts, publishers, and published years.  Each book is assigned an unique 7-digit number as its ID.  Given any query from a reader, you are supposed to output the resulting books, sorted in increasing order of their ID's.</p>
> <p><b>
> Input Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>Each input file contains one test case.  For each case, the first line contains a positive integer N (&amp;lt=10000) which is the total number of books.  Then N blocks follow, each contains the information of a book in 6 lines:</p>
> <ul>
> <li>Line #1: the 7-digit ID number;
> </li><li>Line #2: the book title -- a string of no more than 80 characters;
> </li><li>Line #3: the author -- a string of no more than 80 characters;
> </li><li>Line #4: the key words -- each word is a string of no more than 10 characters without any white space, and the keywords are separated by exactly one space;
> </li><li>Line #5: the publisher  -- a string of no more than 80 characters;
> </li><li>Line #6: the published year -- a 4-digit number which is in the range [1000, 3000].
> </li></ul>
> <p>It is assumed that each book belongs to one author only, and contains no more than 5 key words; there are no more than 1000 distinct key words in total; and there are no more than 1000 distinct publishers.</p>
> <p>After the book information, there is a line containing a positive integer M (&amp;lt=1000) which is the number of user's search queries.  Then M lines follow, each in one of the formats shown below:</p>
> <ul>
> <li>1: a book title
> </li><li>2: name of an author
> </li><li>3: a key word
> </li><li>4: name of a publisher
> </li><li>5: a 4-digit number representing the year
> </li></ul>
> <p><b>
> Output Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>For each query, first print the original query in a line, then output the resulting book ID's in increasing order, each occupying a line.  If no book is found, print "Not Found" instead.</p>
> <b>Sample Input:</b><pre>
> 3
> 1111111
> The Testing Book
> Yue Chen
> test code debug sort keywords
> ZUCS Print
> 2011
> 3333333
> Another Testing Book
> Yue Chen
> test code sort keywords
> ZUCS Print2
> 2012
> 2222222
> The Testing Book
> CYLL
> keywords debug book
> ZUCS Print2
> 2011
> 6
> 1: The Testing Book
> 2: Yue Chen
> 3: keywords
> 4: ZUCS Print
> 5: 2011
> 3: blablabla
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output:</b><pre>
> 1: The Testing Book
> 1111111
> 2222222
> 2: Yue Chen
> 1111111
> 3333333
> 3: keywords
> 1111111
> 2222222
> 3333333
> 4: ZUCS Print
> 1111111
> 5: 2011
> 1111111
> 2222222
> 3: blablabla
> Not Found
> </pre>
> </div>

## 思路

