<h1>1037. Magic Coupon (25)</h1>

## 题目

> <div id="problemContent">
> <p>The magic shop in Mars is offering some magic coupons.  Each coupon has an integer N printed on it, meaning that when you use this coupon with a product, you may get N times the value of that product back!  What is more, the shop also offers some bonus product for free.  However, if you apply a coupon with a positive N to this bonus product, you will have to pay the shop N times the value of the bonus product... but hey, magically, they have some coupons with negative N's! </p>
> <p>For example, given a set of coupons {1 2 4 -1}, and a set of product values {7 6 -2 -3} (in Mars dollars M$) where a negative value corresponds to a bonus product.  You can apply coupon 3 (with N being 4) to product 1 (with value M$7) to get M$28 back; coupon 2 to product 2 to get M$12 back; and coupon 4 to product 4 to get M$3 back.  On the other hand, if you apply coupon 3 to product 4, you will have to pay M$12 to the shop.</p>
> <p>Each coupon and each product may be selected at most once.  Your task is to get as much money back as possible.</p>
> <p><b>
> Input Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>Each input file contains one test case.  For each case, the first line contains the number of coupons NC, followed by a line with NC coupon integers.  Then the next line contains the number of products NP, followed by a line with NP product values.  Here 1&amp;lt= NC, NP &amp;lt= 10<sup>5</sup>, and it is guaranteed that all the numbers will not exceed 2<sup>30</sup>. </p>
> <p><b>
> Output Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>For each test case, simply print in a line the maximum amount of money you can get back.</p>
> <b>Sample Input:</b><pre>
> 4
> 1 2 4 -1
> 4
> 7 6 -2 -3
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output:</b><pre>
> 43
> </pre>
> </div>

## 思路

