<h1>1044. Shopping in Mars (25)</h1>

## 题目

> <div id="problemContent">
> <p>Shopping in Mars is quite a different experience.  The Mars people pay by chained diamonds.  Each diamond has a value (in Mars dollars M$).  When making the payment, the chain can be cut at any position for only once and some of the diamonds are taken off the chain one by one.  Once a diamond is off the chain, it cannot be taken back.  For example, if we have a chain of 8 diamonds with values M$3, 2, 1, 5, 4, 6, 8, 7, and we must pay M$15.  We may have 3 options:</p>
> <p>
> 1. Cut the chain between 4 and 6, and take off the diamonds from the position 1 to 5 (with values 3+2+1+5+4=15).<br/>
> 2. Cut before 5 or after 6, and take off the diamonds from the position 4 to 6 (with values 5+4+6=15).<br/>
> 3. Cut before 8, and take off the diamonds from the position 7 to 8 (with values 8+7=15).<br/>
> </p>
> <p>Now given the chain of diamond values and the amount that a customer has to pay, you are supposed to list all the paying options for the customer.</p>
> <p>If it is impossible to pay the exact amount, you must suggest solutions with minimum lost. </p>
> <p><b>
> Input Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>Each input file contains one test case.  For each case, the first line contains 2 numbers: N (&amp;lt=10<sup>5</sup>), the total number of diamonds on the chain, and M (&amp;lt=10<sup>8</sup>), the amount that the customer has to pay.  Then the next line contains N positive numbers D<sub>1</sub> ... D<sub>N</sub> (D<sub>i</sub>&amp;lt=10<sup>3</sup> for all i=1, ..., N) which are the values of the diamonds.  All the numbers in a line are separated by a space.</p>
> <p><b>
> Output Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>For each test case, print "i-j" in a line for each pair of i &amp;lt= j such that D<sub>i</sub> + ... + D<sub>j</sub> = M.  Note that if there are more than one solution, all the solutions must be printed in increasing order of i.</p>
> <p>If there is no solution, output "i-j" for pairs of i &amp;lt= j such that  D<sub>i</sub> + ... + D<sub>j</sub> &amp;gt M with (D<sub>i</sub> + ... + D<sub>j</sub> - M) minimized.  Again all the solutions must be printed in increasing order of i.</p>
> <p>It is guaranteed that the total value of diamonds is sufficient to pay the given amount. </p>
> <b>Sample Input 1:</b><pre>
> 16 15
> 3 2 1 5 4 6 8 7 16 10 15 11 9 12 14 13
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output 1:</b><pre>
> 1-5
> 4-6
> 7-8
> 11-11
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Input 2:</b><pre>
> 5 13
> 2 4 5 7 9
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output 2:</b><pre>
> 2-4
> 4-5
> </pre>
> </div>

## 思路

