<h1>1056. Mice and Rice (25)</h1>

## 题目

> <div id="problemContent">
> <p><i>Mice and Rice</i> is the name of a programming contest in which each programmer must write a piece of code to control the movements of a mouse in a given map.  The goal of each mouse is to eat as much rice as possible in order to become a FatMouse.</p>
> <p>First the playing order is randomly decided for N<sub>P</sub> programmers.  Then every N<sub>G</sub> programmers are grouped in a match.  The fattest mouse in a group wins and enters the next turn.  All the losers in this turn are ranked the same.  Every N<sub>G</sub> winners are then grouped in the next match until a final winner is determined.</p>
> <p>For the sake of simplicity, assume that the weight of each mouse is fixed once the programmer submits his/her code.  Given the weights of all the mice and the initial playing order, you are supposed to output the ranks for the programmers.</p>
> <p><b>
> Input Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>Each input file contains one test case.  For each case, the first line contains 2 positive integers: N<sub>P</sub> and N<sub>G</sub> (&amp;lt= 1000), the number of programmers and the maximum number of mice in a group, respectively.  If there are less than N<sub>G</sub> mice at the end of the player's list, then all the mice left will be put into the last group.  The second line contains N<sub>P</sub> distinct non-negative numbers W<sub>i</sub> (i=0,...N<sub>P</sub>-1) where each W<sub>i</sub> is the weight of the i-th mouse respectively.  The third line gives the initial playing order which is a permutation of 0,...N<sub>P</sub>-1 (assume that the programmers are numbered from 0 to N<sub>P</sub>-1).  All the numbers in a line are separated by a space.</p>
> <p><b>
> Output Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>For each test case, print the final ranks in a line.  The i-th number is the rank of the i-th programmer, and all the numbers must be separated by a space, with no extra space at the end of the line.
> </p>
> <b>Sample Input:</b><pre>
> 11 3
> 25 18 0 46 37 3 19 22 57 56 10
> 6 0 8 7 10 5 9 1 4 2 3
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output:</b><pre>
> 5 5 5 2 5 5 5 3 1 3 5
> </pre>
> </div>

## 思路

