<h1>1064. Complete Binary Search Tree (30)</h1>

## 题目

> <div id="problemContent">
> <p>A Binary Search Tree (BST) is recursively defined as a binary tree which has the following properties:</p>
> <ul>
> <li>The left subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys less than the node's key. 
> </li><li>The right subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys greater than or equal to the node's key. 
> </li><li>Both the left and right subtrees must also be binary search trees. </li></ul>
> <p>A Complete Binary Tree (CBT) is a tree that is completely filled, with the possible exception of the bottom level, which is filled from left to right.</p>
> <p>Now given a sequence of distinct non-negative integer keys, a unique BST can be constructed if it is required that the tree must also be a CBT.  You are supposed to output the level order traversal sequence of this BST.</p>
> <p><b>
> Input Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>Each input file contains one test case.  For each case, the first line contains a positive integer N (&amp;lt=1000).  Then N distinct non-negative integer keys are given in the next line.  All the numbers in a line are separated by a space and are no greater than 2000.</p>
> <p><b>
> Output Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>For each test case, print in one line the level order traversal sequence of the corresponding complete binary search tree.  All the numbers in a line must be separated by a space, and there must be no extra space at the end of the line.
> </p>
> <b>Sample Input:</b><pre>
> 10
> 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 0
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output:</b><pre>
> 6 3 8 1 5 7 9 0 2 4
> </pre>
> </div>

## 思路

