<h1>1108. Finding Average (20)</h1>

## 题目

> <div id="problemContent">
> <p>The basic task is simple: given N real numbers, you are supposed to calculate their average.  But what makes it complicated is that some of the input numbers might not be legal.  A "legal" input is a real number in [-1000, 1000] and is accurate up to no more than 2 decimal places.  When you calculate the average, those illegal numbers must not be counted in.</p>
> <p><b>
> Input Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>Each input file contains one test case.  For each case, the first line gives a positive integer N (&lt;=100).  Then N numbers are given in the next line, separated by one space.
> </p>
> <p><b>
> Output Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>For each illegal input number, print in a line "ERROR: X is not a legal number" where X is the input.  Then finally print in a line the result: "The average of K numbers is Y" where K is the number of legal inputs and Y is their average, accurate to 2 decimal places.  In case the average cannot be calculated, output "Undefined" instead of Y.  In case K is only 1, output "The average of 1 number is Y" instead.
> </p>
> <b>Sample Input 1:</b><pre>
> 7
> 5 -3.2 aaa 9999 2.3.4 7.123 2.35
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output 1:</b><pre>
> ERROR: aaa is not a legal number
> ERROR: 9999 is not a legal number
> ERROR: 2.3.4 is not a legal number
> ERROR: 7.123 is not a legal number
> The average of 3 numbers is 1.38
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Input 2:</b><pre>
> 2
> aaa -9999
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output 2:</b><pre>
> ERROR: aaa is not a legal number
> ERROR: -9999 is not a legal number
> The average of 0 numbers is Undefined
> </pre>
> </div>

## 思路

