<h1>1137. Final Grading (25)</h1>

## 题目

> <div id="problemContent">
> <p>For a student taking the online course "Data Structures" on China University MOOC (http://www.icourse163.org/), to be qualified for a certificate, he/she must first obtain no less than 200 points from the online programming assignments, and then receive a final grade no less than 60 out of 100.  The final grade is calculated by G = (G<sub>mid-term</sub>x 40% + G<sub>final</sub>x 60%) if G<sub>mid-term</sub> &gt; G<sub>final</sub>, or G<sub>final</sub> will be taken as the final grade G.  Here G<sub>mid-term</sub> and G<sub>final</sub> are the student's scores of the mid-term and the final exams, respectively.</p>
> <p>
> The problem is that different exams have different grading sheets.  Your job is to write a program to merge all the grading sheets into one.
> </p>
> <p><b>
> Input Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>Each input file contains one test case.  For each case, the first line gives three positive integers: P , the number of students having done the online programming assignments; M, the number of students on the mid-term list; and N, the number of students on the final exam list.  All the numbers are no more than 10,000.</p>
> <p>Then three blocks follow.  The first block contains P online programming scores G<sub>p</sub>'s; the second one contains M mid-term scores G<sub>mid-term</sub>'s; and the last one contains N final exam scores G<sub>final</sub>'s.  Each score occupies a line with the format: StudentID Score, where StudentID is a string of no more than 20 English letters and digits, and Score is a nonnegative integer (the maximum score of the online programming is 900, and that of the mid-term and final exams is 100).</p>
> <p><b>
> Output Specification:
> </b></p>
> <p>For each case, print the list of students who are qualified for certificates.  Each student occupies a line with the format:
> </p>
> <p>
> StudentID G<sub>p</sub> G<sub>mid-term</sub> G<sub>final</sub> G
> </p>
> <p>
> If some score does not exist, output "-1" instead. The output must be sorted in descending order of their final grades (G must be rounded up to an integer).  If there is a tie, output in ascending order of their StudentID's.  It is guaranteed that the StudentID's are all distinct, and there is at least one qualified student.</p>
> <b>Sample Input:</b><pre>
> 6 6 7
> 01234 880
> a1903 199
> ydjh2 200
> wehu8 300
> dx86w 220
> missing 400
> ydhfu77 99
> wehu8 55
> ydjh2 98
> dx86w 88
> a1903 86
> 01234 39
> ydhfu77 88
> a1903 66
> 01234 58
> wehu8 84
> ydjh2 82
> missing 99
> dx86w 81
> </pre>
> <b>Sample Output:</b><pre>
> missing 400 -1 99 99
> ydjh2 200 98 82 88
> dx86w 220 88 81 84
> wehu8 300 55 84 84
> </pre>
> </div>

## 思路

