### 我的PAT系列文章更新重心已移至Github，欢迎来看PAT题解的小伙伴请到[Github Pages](https://oliverlew.github.io/PAT)浏览最新内容([本篇文章链接](https://oliverlew.github.io/PAT/Advanced/1019.html))。此处文章目前已更新至与Github Pages同步。欢迎star我的[repo](https://github.com/OliverLew/PAT)。

## 题目

A number that will be the same when it is written forwards or backwards is
known as a **Palindromic Number**. For example, 1234321 is a palindromic
number. All single digit numbers are palindromic numbers.

Although palindromic numbers are most often considered in the decimal system,
the concept of palindromicity can be applied to the natural numbers in any
numeral system. Consider a number $N > 0$ in base $b \ge 2$ , where it is
written in standard notation with $k+1$ digits $a_i$ as $\sum_{i=0}^k
(a_ib^i)$ . Here, as usual, $0 \le a_i < b$ for all $i$ and $a_k$ is non-zero.
Then $N$ is palindromic if and only if $a_i = a_{k-i}$ for all $i$ . Zero is
written 0 in any base and is also palindromic by definition.

Given any positive decimal integer $N$ and a base $b$ , you are supposed to
tell if $N$ is a palindromic number in base $b$ .

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. Each case consists of two positive
numbers $N$ and $b$ , where $0 < N \le 10^9$ is the decimal number and $2 \le
b \le 10^9$ is the base. The numbers are separated by a space.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, first print in one line `Yes` if $N$ is a palindromic
number in base $b$ , or `No` if not. Then in the next line, print $N$ as the
number in base $b$ in the form " $a_k$ $a_{k-1}$ ... $a_0$ ". Notice that
there must be no extra space at the end of output.

### Sample Input 1:

    
    
    27 2
    

### Sample Output 1:

    
    
    Yes
    1 1 0 1 1
    

### Sample Input 2:

    
    
    121 5
    

### Sample Output 2:

    
    
    No
    4 4 1
    

**鸣谢网友“CCPC拿不到牌不改名”修正数据！**



## 思路


综合考察进制转换和回文数检查，两个都相对简单，大家可以直接看代码。

## 代码

[最新代码@github](https://github.com/OliverLew/PAT/blob/master/PATAdvanced/1019.c)，欢迎交流
```c
#include <stdio.h>

int main()
{
    int N, b, c, isPalindromicNumber = 1, b_base[30] = {0};

    scanf("%d %d", &N, &b);

    /* Calculate N in b-base */
    for(c = 0; N; N /= b, c++)
        b_base[c] = N % b;

    /* Check if it is palindromic number */
    for(int i = 0; i < c / 2; i++)
        if(b_base[i] != b_base[c - i - 1])
            isPalindromicNumber = 0;
    puts(isPalindromicNumber ? "Yes" : "No");

    if(c == 0)
        printf("0");
    /* Reversely printing is the correct order */
    while(c--)
        printf("%d%c", b_base[c], c ? ' ' : '\0');

    return 0;
}
```