Emergency (25)
As an emergency rescue team leader of a city, you are given a special map of
your country. The map shows several scattered cities connected by some roads.
Amount of rescue teams in each city and the length of each road between any
pair of cities are marked on the map. When there is an emergency call to you
from some other city, your job is to lead your men to the place as quickly as
possible, and at the mean time, call up as many hands on the way as possible.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each test case, the first line
contains 4 positive integers: $N$ ( $\le 500$ ) - the number of cities (and
the cities are numbered from 0 to $N-1$ ), $M$ - the number of roads, $C_1$
and $C_2$ - the cities that you are currently in and that you must save,
respectively. The next line contains $N$ integers, where the $i$ -th integer
is the number of rescue teams in the $i$ -th city. Then $M$ lines follow, each
describes a road with three integers $c_1$ , $c_2$ and $L$ , which are the
pair of cities connected by a road and the length of that road, respectively.
It is guaranteed that there exists at least one path from $C_1$ to $C_2$ .

### Output Specification:

For each test case, print in one line two numbers: the number of different
shortest paths between $C_1$ and $C_2$ , and the maximum amount of rescue
teams you can possibly gather. All the numbers in a line must be separated by
exactly one space, and there is no extra space allowed at the end of a line.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    5 6 0 2
    1 2 1 5 3
    0 1 1
    0 2 2
    0 3 1
    1 2 1
    2 4 1
    3 4 1
    

### Sample Output:

    
    
    2 4
    

