Magic Coupon (25)
The magic shop in Mars is offering some magic coupons. Each coupon has an
integer $N$ printed on it, meaning that when you use this coupon with a
product, you may get $N$ times the value of that product back! What is more,
the shop also offers some bonus product for free. However, if you apply a
coupon with a positive $N$ to this bonus product, you will have to pay the
shop $N$ times the value of the bonus product... but hey, magically, they have
some coupons with negative $N$ 's!

For example, given a set of coupons { 1 2 4 $-1$ }, and a set of product
values { 7 6 $-2$ $-3$ } (in Mars dollars M$) where a negative value
corresponds to a bonus product. You can apply coupon 3 (with $N$ being 4) to
product 1 (with value M$7) to get M$28 back; coupon 2 to product 2 to get M$12
back; and coupon 4 to product 4 to get M$3 back. On the other hand, if you
apply coupon 3 to product 4, you will have to pay M$12 to the shop.

Each coupon and each product may be selected at most once. Your task is to get
as much money back as possible.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
the number of coupons $N_C$ , followed by a line with $N_C$ coupon integers.
Then the next line contains the number of products $N_P$ , followed by a line
with $N_P$ product values. Here $1\le N_C, N_P \le 10^5$ , and it is
guaranteed that all the numbers will not exceed $2^{30}$ .

### Output Specification:

For each test case, simply print in a line the maximum amount of money you can
get back.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    4
    1 2 4 -1
    4
    7 6 -2 -3
    

### Sample Output:

    
    
    43
    

