Favorite Color Stripe (30)
Eva is trying to make her own color stripe out of a given one. She would like
to keep only her favorite colors in her favorite order by cutting off those
unwanted pieces and sewing the remaining parts together to form her favorite
color stripe.

It is said that a normal human eye can distinguish about less than 200
different colors, so Eva's favorite colors are limited. However the original
stripe could be very long, and Eva would like to have the remaining favorite
stripe with the maximum length. So she needs your help to find her the best
result.

Note that the solution might not be unique, but you only have to tell her the
maximum length. For example, given a stripe of colors {2 2 4 1 5 5 6 3 1 1 5
6}. If Eva's favorite colors are given in her favorite order as {2 3 1 5 6},
then she has 4 possible best solutions {2 2 1 1 1 5 6}, {2 2 1 5 5 5 6}, {2 2
1 5 5 6 6}, and {2 2 3 1 1 5 6}.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
a positive integer $N$ ( $\le 200$ ) which is the total number of colors
involved (and hence the colors are numbered from 1 to $N$ ). Then the next
line starts with a positive integer $M$ ( $\le 200$ ) followed by $M$ Eva's
favorite color numbers given in her favorite order. Finally the third line
starts with a positive integer $L$ ( $\le 10^4$ ) which is the length of the
given stripe, followed by $L$ colors on the stripe. All the numbers in a line
a separated by a space.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, simply print in a line the maximum length of Eva's
favorite stripe.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    6
    5 2 3 1 5 6
    12 2 2 4 1 5 5 6 3 1 1 5 6
    

### Sample Output:

    
    
    7
    

