<!-- Title
Graduate Admission (30)
-->
It is said that in 2011, there are about 100 graduate schools ready to proceed
over 40,000 applications in Zhejiang Province. It would help a lot if you
could write a program to automate the admission procedure.

Each applicant will have to provide two grades: the national entrance exam
grade $G_E$ , and the interview grade $G_I$ . The final grade of an applicant
is $(G_E + G_I) / 2$ . The admission rules are:

  * The applicants are ranked according to their final grades, and will be admitted one by one from the top of the rank list.

  * If there is a tied final grade, the applicants will be ranked according to their national entrance exam grade $G_E$ . If still tied, their ranks must be the same.

  * Each applicant may have $K$ choices and the admission will be done according to his/her choices: if according to the rank list, it is one's turn to be admitted; and if the quota of one's most preferred shcool is not exceeded, then one will be admitted to this school, or one's other choices will be considered one by one in order. If one gets rejected by all of preferred schools, then this unfortunate applicant will be rejected.

  * If there is a tied rank, and if the corresponding applicants are applying to the same school, then that school must admit all the applicants with the same rank, **even if its quota will be exceeded**.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case.

Each case starts with a line containing three positive integers: $N$ ( $\le
40,000$ ), the total number of applicants; $M$ ( $\le 100$ ), the total number
of graduate schools; and $K$ ( $\le 5$ ), the number of choices an applicant
may have.

In the next line, separated by a space, there are $M$ positive integers. The
$i$ -th integer is the quota of the $i$ -th graduate school respectively.

Then $N$ lines follow, each contains $2+K$ integers separated by a space. The
first 2 integers are the applicant's $G_E$ and $G_I$ , respectively. The next
$K$ integers represent the preferred schools. For the sake of simplicity, we
assume that the schools are numbered from 0 to $M-1$ , and the applicants are
numbered from 0 to $N-1$ .

### Output Specification:

For each test case you should output the admission results for all the
graduate schools. The results of each school must occupy a line, which
contains the applicants' numbers that school admits. The numbers must be in
increasing order and be separated by a space. There must be no extra space at
the end of each line. If no applicant is admitted by a school, you must output
an empty line correspondingly.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    11 6 3
    2 1 2 2 2 3
    100 100 0 1 2
    60 60 2 3 5
    100 90 0 3 4
    90 100 1 2 0
    90 90 5 1 3
    80 90 1 0 2
    80 80 0 1 2
    80 80 0 1 2
    80 70 1 3 2
    70 80 1 2 3
    100 100 0 2 4
    

### Sample Output:

    
    
    0 10
    3
    5 6 7
    2 8
    
    1 4
    

