Acute Stroke (30)
One important factor to identify acute stroke (急性脑卒中) is the volume of the
stroke core. Given the results of image analysis in which the core regions are
identified in each MRI slice, your job is to calculate the volume of the
stroke core.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
4 positive integers: $M$ , $N$ , $L$ and $T$ , where $M$ and $N$ are the sizes
of each slice (i.e. pixels of a slice are in an $M \times N$ matrix, and the
maximum resolution is 1286 by 128); $L$ ( $\le 60$ ) is the number of slices
of a brain; and $T$ is the integer threshold (i.e. if the volume of a
connected core is less than $T$ , then that core must not be counted).

Then $L$ slices are given. Each slice is represented by an $M \times N$ matrix
of 0's and 1's, where 1 represents a pixel of stroke, and 0 means normal.
Since the thickness of a slice is a constant, we only have to count the number
of 1's to obtain the volume. However, there might be several separated core
regions in a brain, and only those with their volumes no less than $T$ are
counted. Two pixels are **connected** and hence belong to the same region if
they share a common side, as shown by Figure 1 where all the 6 red pixels are
connected to the blue one.

【插图】

Figure 1

### Output Specification:

For each case, output in a line the total volume of the stroke core.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    3 4 5 2
    1 1 1 1
    1 1 1 1
    1 1 1 1
    0 0 1 1
    0 0 1 1
    0 0 1 1
    1 0 1 1
    0 1 0 0
    0 0 0 0
    1 0 1 1
    0 0 0 0
    0 0 0 0
    0 0 0 1
    0 0 0 1
    1 0 0 0
    

### Sample Output:

    
    
    26
    

