Finding Average (20)
The basic task is simple: given $N$ real numbers, you are supposed to
calculate their average. But what makes it complicated is that some of the
input numbers might not be legal. A **legal** input is a real number in [
$-1000, 1000$ ] and is accurate up to no more than 2 decimal places. When you
calculate the average, those illegal numbers must not be counted in.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives a
positive integer $N$ ( $\le 100$ ). Then $N$ numbers are given in the next
line, separated by one space.

### Output Specification:

For each illegal input number, print in a line `ERROR: X is not a legal
number` where `X` is the input. Then finally print in a line the result: `The
average of K numbers is Y` where `K` is the number of legal inputs and `Y` is
their average, accurate to 2 decimal places. In case the average cannot be
calculated, output `Undefined` instead of `Y`. In case `K` is only 1, output
`The average of 1 number is Y` instead.

### Sample Input 1:

    
    
    7
    5 -3.2 aaa 9999 2.3.4 7.123 2.35
    

### Sample Output 1:

    
    
    ERROR: aaa is not a legal number
    ERROR: 9999 is not a legal number
    ERROR: 2.3.4 is not a legal number
    ERROR: 7.123 is not a legal number
    The average of 3 numbers is 1.38
    

### Sample Input 2:

    
    
    2
    aaa -9999
    

### Sample Output 2:

    
    
    ERROR: aaa is not a legal number
    ERROR: -9999 is not a legal number
    The average of 0 numbers is Undefined
    

