Heap Paths (30)
In computer science, a **heap** is a specialized tree-based data structure
that satisfies the heap property: if P is a parent node of C, then the key
(the value) of P is either greater than or equal to (in a max heap) or less
than or equal to (in a min heap) the key of C. A common implementation of a
heap is the binary heap, in which the tree is a complete binary tree. (Quoted
from Wikipedia at <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Heap_(data_structure>))

One thing for sure is that all the keys along any path from the root to a leaf
in a max/min heap must be in non-increasing/non-decreasing order.

Your job is to check every path in a given complete binary tree, in order to
tell if it is a heap or not.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives a
positive integer $N$ ( $1 < N \le 1,000$ ), the number of keys in the tree.
Then the next line contains $N$ distinct integer keys (all in the range of
**int** ), which gives the level order traversal sequence of a complete binary
tree.

### Output Specification:

For each given tree, first print all the paths from the root to the leaves.
Each path occupies a line, with all the numbers separated by a space, and no
extra space at the beginning or the end of the line. The paths must be printed
in the following order: for each node in the tree, all the paths in its right
subtree must be printed before those in its left subtree.

Finally print in a line `Max Heap` if it is a max heap, or `Min Heap` for a
min heap, or `Not Heap` if it is not a heap at all.

### Sample Input 1:

    
    
    8
    98 72 86 60 65 12 23 50
    

### Sample Output 1:

    
    
    98 86 23
    98 86 12
    98 72 65
    98 72 60 50
    Max Heap
    

### Sample Input 2:

    
    
    8
    8 38 25 58 52 82 70 60
    

### Sample Output 2:

    
    
    8 25 70
    8 25 82
    8 38 52
    8 38 58 60
    Min Heap
    

### Sample Input 3:

    
    
    8
    10 28 15 12 34 9 8 56
    

### Sample Output 3:

    
    
    10 15 8
    10 15 9
    10 28 34
    10 28 12 56
    Not Heap
    

