<!-- Title
Larry and Inversions (35)
-->
Larry just studied the algorithm to count number of inversions. He's very
interested in it. He's considering another problem: Given a permutation of
integers from 1 to $n$ , how many inversions it has if we reverse one of its
subarray?

Formally speaking, given an integer array $a$ (indices are from 0 to $n-1$ )
which contains a permutation of integers from 1 to $n$ , two elements $a[i]$
and $a[j]$ form an **inversion** if $a[i]  > a[j]$ and $i < j$ . Your job is
to count, for each pair of $0 \le i \le j < n$ , the number of inversions if
we reverse the subarray from $a[i]$ to $a[j]$ .

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. Each case consists of a positive
integer $n$ ( $\le 1,000$ ) in the first line, and a permutation of integers
from 1 to $n$ in the second line. The numbers in a line are separated by a
single space.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, output $n(n + 1) / 2$ integers in a single line. The
results are for reversing subarray indicating by all possible pairs of indices
$0 \le i \le j < n$ in $i$ -major order -- that is, the first $n$ results are
for the reverse of subarrary [0..0], [0..1], ...[0.. $n - 1$ ]; the next $n -
1$ results are for the reverse of subarry [1..1], [1..2],..., [1.. $n - 1$ ]
and so on.

All the numbers in a line must be separated by a single space, with no extra
space at the beginning or the end of the line.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    3
    2 1 3
    

### Sample Output:

    
    
    1 0 2 1 2 1
    

**Hint:**

The original array is { 2, 1, 3 }.

  * Reversing subarray [0..0] makes { 2, 1, 3 } which has 1 inversion.
  * Reversing subarray [0..1] makes { 1, 2, 3 } which has 0 inversion.
  * Reversing subarray [0..2] makes { 3, 1, 2 } which has 2 inversions.
  * Reversing subarray [1..1] makes { 2, 1, 3 } which has 1 inversion.
  * Reversing subarray [1..2] makes { 2, 3, 1 } which has 2 inversions.
  * Reversing subarrays [2..2] makes { 2, 1, 3 } which has 1 inversion.

