<!-- Title
Palindromic Number (25)
-->
A number that will be the same when it is written forwards or backwards is
known as a **Palindromic Number**. For example, 1234321 is a palindromic
number. All single digit numbers are palindromic numbers.

Non-palindromic numbers can be paired with palindromic ones via a series of
operations. First, the non-palindromic number is reversed and the result is
added to the original number. If the result is not a palindromic number, this
is repeated until it gives a palindromic number. For example, if we start from
67, we can obtain a palindromic number in 2 steps: 67 + 76 = 143, and 143 +
341 = 484.

Given any positive integer $N$ , you are supposed to find its paired
palindromic number and the number of steps taken to find it.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. Each case consists of two positive
numbers $N$ and $K$ , where $N$ ( $\le 10^{10}$ ) is the initial numer and $K$
( $\le 100$ ) is the maximum number of steps. The numbers are separated by a
space.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, output two numbers, one in each line. The first number is
the paired palindromic number of $N$ , and the second number is the number of
steps taken to find the palindromic number. If the palindromic number is not
found after $K$ steps, just output the number obtained at the $K$ th step and
$K$ instead.

### Sample Input 1:

    
    
    67 3

### Sample Output 1:

    
    
    484
    2

### Sample Input 2:

    
    
    69 3

### Sample Output 2:

    
    
    1353
    3

