<!-- Title
Is It a Binary Search Tree (25)
-->
A Binary Search Tree (BST) is recursively defined as a binary tree which has
the following properties:

  * The left subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys less than the node's key.
  * The right subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys greater than or equal to the node's key.
  * Both the left and right subtrees must also be binary search trees.

If we swap the left and right subtrees of every node, then the resulting tree
is called the **Mirror Image** of a BST.

Now given a sequence of integer keys, you are supposed to tell if it is the
preorder traversal sequence of a BST or the mirror image of a BST.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
a positive integer $N$ ( $\le 1000$ ). Then $N$ integer keys are given in the
next line. All the numbers in a line are separated by a space.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, first print in a line `YES` if the sequence is the
preorder traversal sequence of a BST or the mirror image of a BST, or `NO` if
not. Then if the answer is `YES`, print in the next line the postorder
traversal sequence of that tree. All the numbers in a line must be separated
by a space, and there must be no extra space at the end of the line.

### Sample Input 1:

```
7
8 6 5 7 10 8 11
```

### Sample Output 1:

```
YES
5 7 6 8 11 10 8
```

### Sample Input 2:

```
7
8 10 11 8 6 7 5
```

### Sample Output 2:

```
YES
11 8 10 7 5 6 8
```

### Sample Input 3:

```
7
8 6 8 5 10 9 11
```

### Sample Output 3:

```
NO
```
