<!-- Title
Mice and Rice (25)
-->
**Mice and Rice** is the name of a programming contest in which each
programmer must write a piece of code to control the movements of a mouse in a
given map. The goal of each mouse is to eat as much rice as possible in order
to become a FatMouse.

First the playing order is randomly decided for $N_P$ programmers. Then every
$N_G$ programmers are grouped in a match. The fattest mouse in a group wins
and enters the next turn. All the losers in this turn are ranked the same.
Every $N_G$ winners are then grouped in the next match until a final winner is
determined.

For the sake of simplicity, assume that the weight of each mouse is fixed once
the programmer submits his/her code. Given the weights of all the mice and the
initial playing order, you are supposed to output the ranks for the
programmers.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
2 positive integers: $N_P$ and $N_G$ ( $\le 1000$ ), the number of programmers
and the maximum number of mice in a group, respectively. If there are less
than $N_G$ mice at the end of the player's list, then all the mice left will
be put into the last group. The second line contains $N_P$ distinct non-
negative numbers $W_i$ ( $i=0,\cdots ,N_P -1$ ) where each $W_i$ is the weight
of the $i$ -th mouse respectively. The third line gives the initial playing
order which is a permutation of $0,\cdots ,N_P -1$ (assume that the
programmers are numbered from 0 to $N_P -1$ ). All the numbers in a line are
separated by a space.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, print the final ranks in a line. The $i$ -th number is the
rank of the $i$ -th programmer, and all the numbers must be separated by a
space, with no extra space at the end of the line.

### Sample Input:

```
11 3
25 18 0 46 37 3 19 22 57 56 10
6 0 8 7 10 5 9 1 4 2 3
```

### Sample Output:

```
5 5 5 2 5 5 5 3 1 3 5
```
