<!-- Title
PAT Judge (25)
-->
The ranklist of PAT is generated from the status list, which shows the scores
of the submissions. This time you are supposed to generate the ranklist for
PAT.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
3 positive integers, $N$ ( $\le 10^4$ ), the total number of users, $K$ ( $\le
5$ ), the total number of problems, and $M$ ( $\le 10^5$ ), the total number
of submissions. It is then assumed that the user id's are 5-digit numbers from
00001 to $N$ , and the problem id's are from 1 to $K$ . The next line contains
$K$ positive integers `p[i]` (`i`=1, ..., $K$ ), where `p[i]` corresponds to
the full mark of the i-th problem. Then $M$ lines follow, each gives the
information of a submission in the following format:

```
user_id problem_id partial_score_obtained
```

where `partial_score_obtained` is either $-1$ if the submission cannot even
pass the compiler, or is an integer in the range [0, `p[problem_id]`]. All the
numbers in a line are separated by a space.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, you are supposed to output the ranklist in the following
format:

```
rank user_id total_score s[1] ... s[K]
```

where `rank` is calculated according to the `total_score`, and all the users
with the same `total_score` obtain the same `rank`; and `s[i]` is the partial
score obtained for the `i`-th problem. If a user has never submitted a
solution for a problem, then "-" must be printed at the corresponding
position. If a user has submitted several solutions to solve one problem, then
the highest score will be counted.

The ranklist must be printed in non-decreasing order of the ranks. For those
who have the same rank, users must be sorted in nonincreasing order according
to the number of perfectly solved problems. And if there is still a tie, then
they must be printed in increasing order of their id's. For those who has
never submitted any solution that can pass the compiler, or has never
submitted any solution, they must NOT be shown on the ranklist. It is
guaranteed that at least one user can be shown on the ranklist.

### Sample Input:

```
7 4 20
20 25 25 30
00002 2 12
00007 4 17
00005 1 19
00007 2 25
00005 1 20
00002 2 2
00005 1 15
00001 1 18
00004 3 25
00002 2 25
00005 3 22
00006 4 -1
00001 2 18
00002 1 20
00004 1 15
00002 4 18
00001 3 4
00001 4 2
00005 2 -1
00004 2 0
```

### Sample Output:

```
1 00002 63 20 25 - 18
2 00005 42 20 0 22 -
2 00007 42 - 25 - 17
2 00001 42 18 18 4 2
5 00004 40 15 0 25 -
```
