<!-- Title
Gas Station (30)
-->
A gas station has to be built at such a location that the minimum distance
between the station and any of the residential housing is as far away as
possible. However it must guarantee that all the houses are in its service
range.

Now given the map of the city and several candidate locations for the gas
station, you are supposed to give the best recommendation. If there are more
than one solution, output the one with the smallest average distance to all
the houses. If such a solution is still not unique, output the one with the
smallest index number.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
4 positive integers: $N$ ( $\le 10^3$ ), the total number of houses; $M$ (
$\le 10$ ), the total number of the candidate locations for the gas stations;
$K$ ( $\le 10^4$ ), the number of roads connecting the houses and the gas
stations; and $D_S$ , the maximum service range of the gas station. It is
hence assumed that all the houses are numbered from 1 to $N$ , and all the
candidate locations are numbered from `G`1 to `G` $M$ .

Then $K$ lines follow, each describes a road in the format

    
    
    P1 P2 Dist
    

where `P1` and `P2` are the two ends of a road which can be either house
numbers or gas station numbers, and `Dist` is the integer length of the road.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, print in the first line the index number of the best
location. In the next line, print the minimum and the average distances
between the solution and all the houses. The numbers in a line must be
separated by a space and be accurate up to 1 decimal place. If the solution
does not exist, simply output `No Solution`.

### Sample Input 1:

    
    
    4 3 11 5
    1 2 2
    1 4 2
    1 G1 4
    1 G2 3
    2 3 2
    2 G2 1
    3 4 2
    3 G3 2
    4 G1 3
    G2 G1 1
    G3 G2 2
    

### Sample Output 1:

    
    
    G1
    2.0 3.3
    

### Sample Input 2:

    
    
    2 1 2 10
    1 G1 9
    2 G1 20
    

### Sample Output 2:

    
    
    No Solution
    

