<!-- Title
Forwards on Weibo (30)
-->
Weibo is known as the Chinese version of Twitter. One user on Weibo may have
many followers, and may follow many other users as well. Hence a social
network is formed with followers relations. When a user makes a post on Weibo,
all his/her followers can view and forward his/her post, which can then be
forwarded again by their followers. Now given a social network, you are
supposed to calculate the maximum potential amount of forwards for any
specific user, assuming that only $L$ levels of indirect followers are
counted.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
2 positive integers: $N$ ( $\le 1000$ ), the number of users; and $L$ ( $\le
6$ ), the number of levels of indirect followers that are counted. Hence it is
assumed that all the users are numbered from 1 to $N$ . Then $N$ lines follow,
each in the format:

```
M[i] user_list[i]
```

where `M[i]` ( $\le 100$ ) is the total number of people that `user[i]`
follows; and `user_list[i]` is a list of the `M[i]` users that followed by
`user[i]`. It is guaranteed that no one can follow oneself. All the numbers
are separated by a space.

Then finally a positive $K$ is given, followed by $K$ `UserID`'s for query.

### Output Specification:

For each `UserID`, you are supposed to print in one line the maximum potential
amount of forwards this user can trigger, assuming that everyone who can view
the initial post will forward it once, and that only $L$ levels of indirect
followers are counted.

### Sample Input:

```
7 3
3 2 3 4
0
2 5 6
2 3 1
2 3 4
1 4
1 5
2 2 6
```

### Sample Output:

```
4
5
```
