<!-- Title
All Roads Lead to Rome (30)
-->
Indeed there are many different tourist routes from our city to Rome. You are
supposed to find your clients the route with the least cost while gaining the
most happiness.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
2 positive integers $N$ ( $2\le N\le 200$ ), the number of cities, and $K$ ,
the total number of routes between pairs of cities; followed by the name of
the starting city. The next $N-1$ lines each gives the name of a city and an
integer that represents the happiness one can gain from that city, except the
starting city. Then $K$ lines follow, each describes a route between two
cities in the format `City1 City2 Cost`. Here the name of a city is a string
of 3 capital English letters, and the destination is always `ROM` which
represents Rome.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, we are supposed to find the route with the least cost. If
such a route is not unique, the one with the maximum happiness will be
recommanded. If such a route is still not unique, then we output the one with
the maximum average happiness -- it is guaranteed by the judge that such a
solution exists and is unique.

Hence in the first line of output, you must print 4 numbers: the number of
different routes with the least cost, the cost, the happiness, and the average
happiness (take the integer part only) of the recommanded route. Then in the
next line, you are supposed to print the route in the format
`City1->City2->...->ROM`.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    6 7 HZH
    ROM 100
    PKN 40
    GDN 55
    PRS 95
    BLN 80
    ROM GDN 1
    BLN ROM 1
    HZH PKN 1
    PRS ROM 2
    BLN HZH 2
    PKN GDN 1
    HZH PRS 1

### Sample Output:

    
    
    3 3 195 97
    HZH->PRS->ROM

