<!-- Title
Insertion or Heap Sort (25)
-->
According to Wikipedia:

**Insertion sort** iterates, consuming one input element each repetition, and
growing a sorted output list. Each iteration, insertion sort removes one
element from the input data, finds the location it belongs within the sorted
list, and inserts it there. It repeats until no input elements remain.

**Heap sort** divides its input into a sorted and an unsorted region, and it
iteratively shrinks the unsorted region by extracting the largest element and
moving that to the sorted region. it involves the use of a heap data structure
rather than a linear-time search to find the maximum.

Now given the initial sequence of integers, together with a sequence which is
a result of several iterations of some sorting method, can you tell which
sorting method we are using?

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives a
positive integer $N$ ( $\le 100$ ). Then in the next line, $N$ integers are
given as the initial sequence. The last line contains the partially sorted
sequence of the $N$ numbers. It is assumed that the target sequence is always
ascending. All the numbers in a line are separated by a space.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, print in the first line either "Insertion Sort" or "Heap
Sort" to indicate the method used to obtain the partial result. Then run this
method for one more iteration and output in the second line the resulting
sequence. It is guaranteed that the answer is unique for each test case. All
the numbers in a line must be separated by a space, and there must be no extra
space at the end of the line.

### Sample Input 1:

    
    
    10
    3 1 2 8 7 5 9 4 6 0
    1 2 3 7 8 5 9 4 6 0

### Sample Output 1:

    
    
    Insertion Sort
    1 2 3 5 7 8 9 4 6 0

### Sample Input 2:

    
    
    10
    3 1 2 8 7 5 9 4 6 0
    6 4 5 1 0 3 2 7 8 9

### Sample Output 2:

    
    
    Heap Sort
    5 4 3 1 0 2 6 7 8 9

