<!-- Title
Recommendation System (25)
-->
Recommendation system predicts the preference that a user would give to an
item. Now you are asked to program a very simple recommendation system that
rates the user's preference by the number of times that an item has been
accessed by this user.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each test case, the first line
contains two positive integers: N ( $\le$ 50,000), the total number of
queries, and K ( $\le$ 10), the maximum number of recommendations the system
must show to the user. Then given in the second line are the indices of items
that the user is accessing -- for the sake of simplicity, all the items are
indexed from 1 to N. All the numbers in a line are separated by a space.

### Output Specification:

For each case, process the queries one by one. Output the recommendations for
each query in a line in the format:

```
query: rec[1] rec[2] ... rec[K]
```

where `query` is the item that the user is accessing, and `rec[i]` (`i`=1, ...
K) is the `i`-th item that the system recommends to the user. The first K
items that have been accessed most frequently are supposed to be recommended
in non-increasing order of their frequencies. If there is a tie, the items
will be ordered by their indices in increasing order.

Note: there is no output for the first item since it is impossible to give any
recommendation at the time. It is guaranteed to have the output for at least
one query.

### Sample Input:

```
12 3
3 5 7 5 5 3 2 1 8 3 8 12
```

### Sample Output:

```
5: 3
7: 3 5
5: 3 5 7
5: 5 3 7
3: 5 3 7
2: 5 3 7
1: 5 3 2
8: 5 3 1
3: 5 3 1
8: 3 5 1
12: 3 5 8
```
