<!-- Title
Lowest Common Ancestor (30)
-->
The lowest common ancestor (LCA) of two nodes U and V in a tree is the deepest
node that has both U and V as descendants.

A binary search tree (BST) is recursively defined as a binary tree which has
the following properties:

  * The left subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys less than the node's key.
  * The right subtree of a node contains only nodes with keys greater than or equal to the node's key.
  * Both the left and right subtrees must also be binary search trees.

Given any two nodes in a BST, you are supposed to find their LCA.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives
two positive integers: M ( $\le$ 1,000), the number of pairs of nodes to be
tested; and N ( $\le$ 10,000), the number of keys in the BST, respectively. In
the second line, N distinct integers are given as the preorder traversal
sequence of the BST. Then M lines follow, each contains a pair of integer keys
U and V. All the keys are in the range of **int**.

### Output Specification:

For each given pair of U and V, print in a line `LCA of U and V is A.` if the
LCA is found and `A` is the key. But if `A` is one of U and V, print `X is an
ancestor of Y.` where `X` is `A` and `Y` is the other node. If U or V is not
found in the BST, print in a line `ERROR: U is not found.` or `ERROR: V is not
found.` or `ERROR: U and V are not found.`.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    6 8
    6 3 1 2 5 4 8 7
    2 5
    8 7
    1 9
    12 -3
    0 8
    99 99
    

### Sample Output:

    
    
    LCA of 2 and 5 is 3.
    8 is an ancestor of 7.
    ERROR: 9 is not found.
    ERROR: 12 and -3 are not found.
    ERROR: 0 is not found.
    ERROR: 99 and 99 are not found.
    

