<!-- Title
PAT Ranking of Institutions (25)
-->
After each PAT, the PAT Center will announce the ranking of institutions based
on their students' performances. Now you are asked to generate the ranklist.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line gives a
positive integer N ( $\le 10^5$ ), which is the number of testees. Then N
lines follow, each gives the information of a testee in the following format:

    
    
    ID Score School

where `ID` is a string of 6 characters with the first one representing the
test level: `B` stands for the basic level, `A` the advanced level and `T` the
top level; `Score` is an integer in [0, 100]; and `School` is the institution
code which is a string of no more than 6 English letters (case insensitive).
Note: it is guaranteed that `ID` is unique for each testee.

### Output Specification:

For each case, first print in a line the total number of institutions. Then
output the ranklist of institutions in nondecreasing order of their ranks in
the following format:

    
    
    Rank School TWS Ns

where `Rank` is the rank (start from 1) of the institution; `School` is the
institution code (all in lower case); ; `TWS` is the **total weighted score**
which is defined to be the integer part of `ScoreB/1.5 + ScoreA + ScoreT*1.5`,
where `ScoreX` is the total score of the testees belong to this institution on
level `X`; and `Ns` is the total number of testees who belong to this
institution.

The institutions are ranked according to their `TWS`. If there is a tie, the
institutions are supposed to have the same rank, and they shall be printed in
ascending order of `Ns`. If there is still a tie, they shall be printed in
alphabetical order of their codes.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    10
    A57908 85 Au
    B57908 54 LanX
    A37487 60 au
    T28374 67 CMU
    T32486 24 hypu
    A66734 92 cmu
    B76378 71 AU
    A47780 45 lanx
    A72809 100 pku
    A03274 45 hypu

### Sample Output:

    
    
    5
    1 cmu 192 2
    1 au 192 3
    3 pku 100 1
    4 hypu 81 2
    4 lanx 81 2

