<!-- Title
To Buy or Not to Buy - Hard Version (35)
-->
Eva would like to make a string of beads with her favorite colors so she went
to a small shop to buy some beads. There were many colorful strings of beads.
However the owner of the shop would only sell the strings in whole pieces.
Hence in some cases Eva might have to buy several strings to get all the beads
she needs. With a hundred strings in the shop, Eva needs your help to tell her
whether or not she can get all the beads she needs with the least number of
extra beads she has to pay for.

For the sake of simplicity, let's use the characters in the ranges [0-9],
[a-z], and [A-Z] to represent the colors. In sample 1, buying the 2nd and the
last two strings is the best way since there are only 3 extra beads. In sample
2, buying all the three strings won't help since there are three `R` beads
missing.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. Each case first gives in a line the
string that Eva wants. Then a positive integer $N$ ( $\le 100$ ) is given in
the next line, followed by $N$ lines of strings that belong to the shop. All
the strings contain no more than 1000 beads.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, print your answer in one line. If the answer is `Yes`,
then also output the least number of extra beads Eva has to buy; or if the
answer is `No`, then also output the number of beads missing from all the
strings. There must be exactly 1 space between the answer and the number.

### Sample Input 1:

    
    
    RYg5
    8
    gY5Ybf
    8R5
    12346789
    gRg8h
    5Y37
    pRgYgbR52
    8Y
    8g

### Sample Output 1:

    
    
    Yes 3

### Sample Input 2:

    
    
    YrRR8RRrY
    3
    ppRGrrYB225
    8ppGrrB25
    Zd6KrY

### Sample Output 2:

    
    
    No 3

