<!-- Title
Universal Travel Sites (35)
-->
After finishing her tour around the Earth, CYLL is now planning a universal
travel sites development project. After a careful investigation, she has a
list of capacities of all the satellite transportation stations in hand. To
estimate a budget, she must know the minimum capacity that a planet station
must have to guarantee that every space vessel can dock and download its
passengers on arrival.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. For each case, the first line contains
the names of the source and the destination planets, and a positive integer
`N` ( $\le$ 500). Then `N` lines follow, each in the format: `source[i]
destination[i] capacity[i]` where `source[i]` and `destination[i]` are the
names of the satellites and the two involved planets, and `capacity[i]` $>$ 0
is the maximum number of passengers that can be transported at one pass from
`source[i]` to `destination[i]`. Each name is a string of 3 uppercase
characters chosen from {A-Z}, e.g., ZJU.

Note that the satellite transportation stations have no accommodation
facilities for the passengers. Therefore none of the passengers can stay. Such
a station will not allow arrivals of space vessels that contain more than its
own capacity. It is guaranteed that the list contains neither the routes to
the source planet nor that from the destination planet.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, just print in one line the minimum capacity that a planet
station must have to guarantee that every space vessel can dock and download
its passengers on arrival.

### Sample Input:

    
    
    EAR MAR 11
    EAR AAA 300
    EAR BBB 400
    AAA BBB 100
    AAA CCC 400
    AAA MAR 300
    BBB DDD 400
    AAA DDD 400
    DDD AAA 100
    CCC MAR 400
    DDD CCC 200
    DDD MAR 300

### Sample Output:

    
    
    700

