<!-- Title
Battle Over Cities - Hard Version (35)
-->
It is vitally important to have all the cities connected by highways in a war.
If a city is conquered by the enemy, all the highways from/toward that city
will be closed. To keep the rest of the cities connected, we must repair some
highways with the minimum cost. On the other hand, if losing a city will cost
us too much to rebuild the connection, we must pay more attention to that
city.

Given the map of cities which have all the destroyed and remaining highways
marked, you are supposed to point out the city to which we must pay the most
attention.

### Input Specification:

Each input file contains one test case. Each case starts with a line
containing 2 numbers `N` ( $\le$ 500), and `M`, which are the total number of
cities, and the number of highways, respectively. Then `M` lines follow, each
describes a highway by 4 integers: `City1 City2 Cost Status` where `City1` and
`City2` are the numbers of the cities the highway connects (the cities are
numbered from 1 to `N`), `Cost` is the effort taken to repair that highway if
necessary, and `Status` is either 0, meaning that highway is destroyed, or 1,
meaning that highway is in use.

Note: It is guaranteed that the whole country was connected before the war.

### Output Specification:

For each test case, just print in a line the city we must protest the most,
that is, it will take us the maximum effort to rebuild the connection if that
city is conquered by the enemy.

In case there is more than one city to be printed, output them in increasing
order of the city numbers, separated by one space, but no extra space at the
end of the line. In case there is no need to repair any highway at all, simply
output 0.

### Sample Input 1:

```
4 5
1 2 1 1
1 3 1 1
2 3 1 0
2 4 1 1
3 4 1 0
```

### Sample Output 1:

```
1 2
```

### Sample Input 2:

```
4 5
1 2 1 1
1 3 1 1
2 3 1 0
2 4 1 1
3 4 2 1
```

### Sample Output 2:

```
0
```
